So by now you already know a bit too much about 'Strings'. And that's because 'Strings' is where the story starts.
Every Wednesday and Friday mornings, between 9 and 9:15am, the cafe opens and by 9:30, a young handsome single engineer, with a very fair complexion,
a protagonist by our story standards, would occupy a corner table on the 1st floor of the cafe, plug his laptop into the charging board and would start
on his professional chores.

One could call him a loner given that he could sit secluded, unperturbed, lost in his work for hours. He wasn't averse to his surroundings though and
would look up and notice the creamish walls and would then appreciate the choice of paint as it brightened the place. He would also notice the platns
hung around every corner which breathed more life into this space, well at least during the day. The ceilings painted like a sketch of a hut, a path,
and some characters that habited that hut made him feel more warm and less aloof. 
He liked that the place played background scores at low volume quite adhering to the moods of the day. And today, since it was an evening when the sun 
was hazy, the breeze was strong and the air little moist, and so tunes were being played that could push you down the memory lane, if you quite 
listened to them. But Amay wasn't an easy nut to distract.

He was lost in his own problems of work for which he couldn't find the most optimal solution. He was trying to weigh in the pros and cons but for once 
(a rarity) the people around, the protagonists of their own stories, were muddling up his thought process.

"Bright neon coloured shirt! Who wears that. Is he trying to blind others? And if he wants so much attention, why doesn't he just holds up a board of 
'Give me attention'. That would be less annoying.", he thought

When he tried to focus again, he heard a perhaps 15 year old girl describing how she had fallen in love with her junior and how she is ready to take her
relationship to the next level. And then he just hoped he could have unheard all of that. 

He took another gaze around to find something interesting or rather something so disinteresting that would pique his interest back to his work but
by now his nose had a fallen prey to the whiff of cookies and his mind had signed up for a break - the one that would probably change the course of 
life or rather build one.
